use `scikit-build-core` (#290)
tataratat/splinepy: CONTRIBUTING.md

cd splinepy  # or <forkname>
git submodule update --init --recursive
git checkout -b new-feature0
pip install -e. --config-settings=cmake.args=-DSPLINEPY_MORE=OFF --config-settings=cmake.build-type="Debug"
```

> `--minimal` flag builds splines upto 3D (both parametric and physical dimensions), and that way we can reduce compile time. `--debug` build also reduces compile time. We are experimenting with the ways to reduce compile time during development. Let us know if you have a great idea!

Reviewer: `--minimal` is replaced by `--config-settings=cmake.args=-DSPLINEPY_MORE`

And as mentioned above already should we think about making the `-DSPLINEPY_MORE` argument by default to `OFF` again?

```suggestion
`--config-settings=cmake.args=-DSPLINEPY_MORE` build argument builds splines up to 3D (both parametric and physical dimensions), and that way we can reduce compile time. `--config-settings=cmake.build-type="Debug"` build also reduces compile time. We are experimenting with ways to reduce compile time during development. Let us know if you have a great idea!
```
